not only is Senator Kamala Harris with
us we have music tonight from offset
offset is here with assistance from his
bride party be you know offset is very
popular he's a hip-hop artist and if
you're an older music fan maybe you
might have some trouble understanding
some of his lyrics you know there's a
lot of new lingo but fortunately I am
here to bridge the gap to help explain
them and it's time now for new lyrics
for old people
so I'll say you wrote the song is the
song you wrote so you know what
everything means you start the lyrics
and I will translate that line by line
and we'll do it together all right all
right all right straight out the street
to a penthouse Miami Beach yeah yo I
came from humble beginnings but now I
own a condominium in Florida Yale swept
in not cause of my I bought her
the love she bought me the race that's
me mm-hmm that means his wife and I
exchanged cars and jewelry correct yes
okay good
get the will put it up for my sees no
cure for the ID disease her seeds are
kids right so I'm saving this money for
my children and I love Instagram a lot
good so far I see I see I see like
people need to hear this
it's the line names for my hit list okay
that means everyone listen closely
because I'm upset with a lot of you my
still say what it wants to vaginas to
like a fat this I believe in free
speech and I am sexually aroused no no
it doesn't mean that Oh what does it
mean you ever heard that like big girls
have better vagina than course of course
my mother taught me that when I was
younger they see this they see that's
what I'm being I see okay all right I
had that role well thank you for
correcting it all right let's keep going
I should put a whole blog at this rate
they using my name for clickbait even
want to stop big beef this is a little
weave and they mixtape so this is your
such a topic of online conversation you
might you're thinking about maybe
becoming CEO of BuzzFeed and women are
instigating fights to promote their
music and hair extensions yes thank you
all right
I think this is really helpful so far
youyou want me to keep on going okay
well you know is that Loki's going in
they know I'm the bomb it's ticking me
off say anything to get a response
they're aware of her talent and they're
just trying to get a rise out of her
yeah I know that mean the traffic is low
somebody just got a page its launch
they're lashing out at you guys because
their popularity is waning yes no every
single time I'm so happy right now I
can't even explain it should we do the
rest or we have the idea I think we're
good I think you got it okay so I think
what we've learned here is that there
are a lot of people who are trying
really to kind of take some of your fame
by taking shots at you and you guys have
had enough of it yes they do anything
for cloud do anything for cloud yes sir
oh I should really be on the next song
gotcha
you know why you should because some
people don't understand our lingo and I
think you will be really good at them
Thank You cardi B I appreciated Thank
You offset now we're gonna hear some
music from you guys later I am Jimmy
Kimmel click below to subscribe to our
YouTube channel or if you want to be
that way about it though